Custom weights in rrf processor (#9922)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/search-pipelines/score-ranker-processor.md

:--- | :--- | :---
`combination.technique` | String | The technique used for combining scores. Required. Valid value is `rrf`.
`combination.rank_constant` | Integer | A constant added to each document's rank before calculating the reciprocal score. Must be `1` or greater. A larger rank constant makes the scores more uniform, reducing the influence of top-ranked results. A smaller rank constant creates a greater score difference between ranks, giving more weight to top-ranked items. Optional. Default is `60`.
`combination.parameters.weights` | Array of floating-point values | Specifies the weights to use for each query. Valid values are in the [0.0, 1.0] range and signify decimal percentages. The closer the weight is to 1.0, the more weight is given to a query. The number of values in the `weights` array must equal the number of queries. The sum of the values in the array must equal 1.0. Optional. If not provided, all queries are given equal weight.
## Example

The following example demonstrates using a search pipeline with a `score-ranker-processor`.

> ### Creating a search pipeline with `score-ranker-processor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a search pipeline with a score ranker processor
```

> ### Creating a search pipeline with a score ranker processor`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Creating a search pipeline with a score ranker processor
```

Author: done

}
```

> ### Tuning the search pipeline with custom parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tuning the search pipeline using custom parameters
```

> Apply custom `rank-constant` parameter in the search pipeline created in the previous section. The default value of `rank-constant` is 60. In the following example, `rank-constant` will be set to 40.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply a custom `rank_constant` parameter in the search pipeline created in the previous section. The default value of `rank_constant` is 60. In the following example, `rank_constant` is set to 40:
```

}
```

Apply custom `weights` for each subquery that will be used during combing the search results using `rrf` technique. The default value of `weights` for each subquery is equal i.e 1. In the following example, weight for subquery 1 is set to 0.7 and subquery 2 is set to 0.3 respectively.

```json
PUT /_search/pipeline/<rrf-pipeline>
{
  "description": "Post processor for hybrid RRF search",
  "phase_results_processors": [
    {   
     "score-ranker-processor": {
       "combination": {
         "technique": "rrf",
         "rank_constant": 40,
         "parameters": {
            "weights":[
              0.7,
              0.3
            ]
         }
       }
     }
    }
  ]
}

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

````
